README.md, before:

## The Problem

We want you to create a command-line application that will evaluate whether a
list of proposed products are approved by a team of reviewers.

### Input/output

The input and output will be text. Your solution should parse the provided
sample-input.txt file via stdin (pipe or redirect) or by parsing a file passed
by name on the command line. Your solution should output the correct result via
stdout to the console.

The input contains the reviewers' feedback, one per line. See sample-input.txt
for details.

You can expect that the input will be well-formed. There is no need to add
special handling for malformed input files.

### The rules

Reviewers can 'approve' or 'reject' a product. If a product has zero 'reject'
votes, then its status is 'Approved'. If a product has even a single 'reject'
vote, then its status is 'Denied'. Products in the output should be listed in
alphabetical order.

### Guidelines

This should be implemented in a language with which you are familiar. We would
prefer that you use ruby, javascript or python if you are comfortable doing so.
If none of these are comfortable, please choose a language that is both
comfortable for you and suited to the task.

Your solution should be able to be run (and if applicable, built) from the
command line. Please include appropriate scripts and instructions for
running your application and your tests.

If you use other libraries installed by a common package manager
(rubygems/bundler, npm, pip), it is not necessary to commit the installed
packages.

We write automated tests and we would like you to do so as well.

We appreciate well factored, object-oriented or functional designs.

Please document any steps necessary to run your solution and your tests.

### Platform support

This will be run in a unix-ish environment (OS X and Ubuntu). If you choose to
use a compiled language, please keep this in mind. Please use platform-agnostic
constructs where possible (line-endings and file-path-separators are two
problematic areas).

Commit message:

add script file and installation instructions

README.md, after:

# Product Reviewer

This project parses a test file containing information about products. It outputs which products have been approved and which products have been denied

# Installation

- Clone this repository
- Open terminal
- Navigate to 'product-reviewer'
- Enter the command `ruby script.rb {YOUR_FILE_PATH}`

***Note***: These instructions assume you have Ruby installed on your machine.

## The Problem

We want you to create a command-line application that will evaluate whether a
list of proposed products are approved by a team of reviewers.

### Input/output

The input and output will be text. Your solution should parse the provided
sample-input.txt file via stdin (pipe or redirect) or by parsing a file passed
by name on the command line. Your solution should output the correct result via
stdout to the console.

The input contains the reviewers' feedback, one per line. See sample-input.txt
for details.

You can expect that the input will be well-formed. There is no need to add
special handling for malformed input files.

### The rules

Reviewers can 'approve' or 'reject' a product. If a product has zero 'reject'
votes, then its status is 'Approved'. If a product has even a single 'reject'
vote, then its status is 'Denied'. Products in the output should be listed in
alphabetical order.

### Guidelines

This should be implemented in a language with which you are familiar. We would
prefer that you use ruby, javascript or python if you are comfortable doing so.
If none of these are comfortable, please choose a language that is both
comfortable for you and suited to the task.

Your solution should be able to be run (and if applicable, built) from the
command line. Please include appropriate scripts and instructions for
running your application and your tests.

If you use other libraries installed by a common package manager
(rubygems/bundler, npm, pip), it is not necessary to commit the installed
packages.

We write automated tests and we would like you to do so as well.

We appreciate well factored, object-oriented or functional designs.

Please document any steps necessary to run your solution and your tests.

### Platform support

This will be run in a unix-ish environment (OS X and Ubuntu). If you choose to
use a compiled language, please keep this in mind. Please use platform-agnostic
constructs where possible (line-endings and file-path-separators are two
problematic areas).
